FEBRUARY 22 - 2019

   The plant currently grows at a constant rate, as long as it is not thirsty. This seems to make sense,
and we have done it this way because without chlorophyl logic we cannot properly assess how the plant recieves its 
directives to allocate its terrestrial growth.

   The main root will spread to include 5 children roots, which will grow at an inverted reciprical function where
x-axis is the growth, factored by the amount of children it has spawned. This may in fact be existentially accurate..
 The child roots will grow at a factor determinate of their age, as they do not have the directive to grow children. 
 It is a similar inverted reciprical function, where growth _should_ slow over time.

_Tree will stop growing at the same rate as the roots, therefore they must contain the same age value as an overall 
factor towards their maturity level._

MARCH 14 - 2019

   Alot has changed in the program - my main excitement comes from making a functional class that will call recursions
for all the grow, water usage, and water draining for all the parts of the tree.

   The beauty is the tree will be able
to live and grow forever, conditions permitting!

   After this, I'll have to finally introduce leaves, which will be able to append to stems or branches, given a generic
    function. I'm tenative to introduce leaves because I'll have to rewrite alot of the energy usage. Leaves introduce
    light absorption and chloraphoric production. I'm gonna need a functional sun and light environment. Also this
    brings the question of whether or not sun and soil water will have to fluctuate, I assume it will. This will be a
    whole segment of production...
   Further note, is the idea of making each tree grow uniquely - so that no two trees will be alike. The implementation
   will come with the leaves. The whole tree relies on its leaves to make decisions. The stem itself will remain pretty
   generic until we see what the lighting conditions are like. I'll outline them breifly now, for my sake..

   So each environment will have a range of conditions, those on the outside having a smaller probability of occuring,
   as probability distributions go *haha* . For example, swampy areas have more moisture, less sunlight, desertified
   areas will have less moisture, more sunlight, northern areas less sunlight and moisture..etc..
   The Stem, since it is already the controller for the production of everything, will control the movement of branches
   and leaves. It will also *plan* how to grow depending on the environment **(further research required)**

   My goal from this is to have unique trees depending on which environment, and then within a randomly unfolding
   environment, the trees will move differently to accomodate waves of weather patterns, and just the unique
   distribution along the probability arc of these weather algorithms.

